[
    "Trump won’t rule out seeking a third term in the White House, tells NBC News ‘there are methods’ for doing so",
    "There are no new alerts at this time",
    "Trump won’t rule out seeking a third term in the White House, tells NBC News ‘there are methods’ for doing so",
    "Trump tells NBC News he's 'not joking' about 3rd presidential term",
    "WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump did not rule out the possibility of seeking a third term in the White House, which is prohibited by the Constitution under the 22nd Amendment, saying in an exclusive interview with NBC News that there were methods for doing so and clarifying that he was “not joking.”",
    "“A lot of people want me to do it,” Trump said in a Sunday-morning phone call with NBC News, referring to his allies. “But, I mean, I basically tell them we have a long way to go, you know, it’s very early in the administration.”",
    "“I’m focused on the current,” Trump added, in some of his most extensive comments to date about serving a third term.",
    "When asked whether he wanted another term, the president responded, “I like working.”",
    "“I’m not joking,” Trump said, when asked to clarify. “But I’m not — it is far too early to think about it.”",
    "When asked whether he has been presented with plans to allow him to seek a third term, Trump said, “There are methods which you could do it.”",
    "Trump tells NBC News he’s ‘angry’ and ‘pissed off’ at Putin",
    "NBC News asked about a possible scenario in which Vice President JD Vance would run for office and then pass the role to Trump. Trump responded that “that’s one” method.",
    "“But there are others, too,” Trump added.",
    "Asked to share another method, Trump simply responded “no.”",
    "Amending the Constitution to abolish the two-term limit would be exceedingly difficult, requiring either a two-thirds vote of Congress or two-thirds of the states agreeing to call a constitutional convention to propose changes. Either route would then require ratification from three-quarters of the states.",
    "Some Republicans ask for tariff exemptions and express concern over Trump trade war",
    "Nonprofit groups and Democrats sue Trump administration over election executive order",
    "The president pointed to his poll numbers, saying that “a lot of people would like me to” hold office for a third term.",
    "Trump has previously commented on running for a third term in office, though Republicans have seen these comments as jokes or the president trolling his critics.",
    "Rep. Andy Ogles, R-Tenn., crafted a resolution calling for the extension of presidential term limits, which would allow Trump to seek another term in office.",
    "Meanwhile, Trump ally Steve Bannon said in an interview on News Nation that he believes Trump will “run and win again in 2028.” Bannon said in the same interview that he thought “we’ll have a couple of alternatives” in determining how Trump could seek a third term despite the two-term maximum for holding the presidency.",
    "The White House has amplified Trump’s comments likening himself to royalty, posting a picture of a fake magazine cover depicting the president with a crown after the administration shot down congestion pricing in New York City.",
    "The White House’s post to X quoted Trump’s previous comments on Truth Social: “LONG LIVE THE KING!”",
    "Kristen Welker is the moderator of \"Meet the Press.\"",
    "Megan Lebowitz is a politics reporter for NBC News.",
    "기계 경기장\n서울 특별시 거주자 전용: 무료 환영 보상을 받으세요!",
    "넥센타이어 렌탈\n지금 신청하기\n최고급 타이어 4짝교체 월 5,000원 [지금 신청]",
    "Innovation MagazineHealth: American soldiers swear by this unbreakable smartwatch",
    "STORMSHOT\n/\nSPONSORED\n단 3%만이 레벨 8을 통과할 수 있습니다. 과연 해적을 물리칠 수 있을까요?\n500개 이상의 화려한 퍼즐 레벨을 잠금 해제하세요! 섬에 숨겨진 보물을 찾아보세요. 지금 클릭하고 모험을 시작하세요!",
    "기계 경기장\n/\nSPONSORED\n30세 미만 열혈 로봇은 이 게임을 하지 않는 것이 좋습니다.",
    "넥센타이어 렌탈\n/\nSPONSORED\n아직도 타이어 구매? 월 5,000원에 전부 교체\n제휴카드 이용하면 월 5,000원에 타이어 4짝 전부 교체해드리고, 추가로 30만원 상당 특급혜택까지 드려요",
    "넥센타이어공식렌탈\n/\nSPONSORED\n타이어교체 사지말고 월5천원에 넥센타이어로 렌탈 관리 받자!\n넥센타이어공식렌탈-비용절감,차종,인치,규격 상관없이 이벤트가격!",
    "레이드 섀도우 레전드\n/\nSPONSORED\n무료 강력한 챔피언이 캐주얼 플레이어를 프로로 전환합니다\n여기에서 당신의 첫 번째 강력한 챔피언을 무료로 얻으세요",
    "넥센타이어공식렌탈 / SPONSOREDSPONSORED비싼 타이어 사지말고! 월5천원 으로 넥센타이어로 교체 가능!넥센타이어공식렌탈-비용절감,차종,인치,규격 상관없이 이벤트가격!",
    "INDESTRUCTIBLE SMARTWATCH\n/\nSPONSORED\nThe military smartwatch everyone over 40 is talking about",
    "레이드 섀도우 레전드\n/\nSPONSORED\n턴 기반 전략과 다크 판타지가 만났을 때\n무료로 플레이하세요!",
    "유니세프\n/\nSPONSORED\n유니세프 팀 팔찌 4종 받는 법?",
    "RAID\n/\nSPONSORED\n드디어! 2025년 최고의 전략 게임을 무료로 플레이하세요!\n뭘 기다려? 지금 바로 플레이!",
    "RAID: Shadow Legends / SPONSOREDSPONSORED마우스 하나로 밤새는 게임.웅장한 판타지 롤플레잉 게임. 너무 아름다워서 보자마자 바로 설치할 것입니다.",
    "INNOVATION MAGAZINE\n/\nSPONSORED\nIncredible: The world’s toughest smartwatch designed for the military",
    "신차장기렌트전국1위\n/\nSPONSORED\n자차마련하기 전에 신차장기렌트로 2년 먼저 타보세요!\n위약금없는 신차장기렌트, 최저가 견적 지금 바로 받아보세요!",
    "NBC NEWS / NOW\nSpeaker Mike Johnson floats possibility of Congress eliminating federal courts",
    "NBC NEWS / VIDEO\nZelenskyy says Putin will 'die soon' due to age",
    "NBC NEWS / SHOP\nLet’s settle it: What’s the best shower cleaner? We tested 11+ to find out",
    "근로자채무통합센터\n/\nSPONSORED\n드디어 저금리 대출자금 풀렸다. 1인당 '1억원' 확정.\n안전하게 쉽고 빠르게 금리한도 확인하세요",
    "데블W\n/\nSPONSORED\n고객과 함께 쾌속 성장! 최고의 파트너가 되겠습니다!",
    "신차장기렌트전국1위\n/\nSPONSORED\n신차장기렌트 최저가견적 2025아반떼 202,200-317,400원\n허위/거짓견적시 200%환불 보상 해드립니다.",
    "오토비전\n/\nSPONSORED\n\"차 살 돈 없어도 신차 탄다\" 그랜저, 초기비용 없이 출고 러시!\n신용등급 영향 없이 누구나 가능! 월 30만 원 대로 바로 계약",
    "NBC NEWS / POLITICS\nTrump says he's 'very angry' and 'pissed off' at Putin during an NBC News interview",
    "NBC NEWS / NIGHTLY-NEWS\nBystander heralded as hero in Amsterdam stabbing attack",
    "NBC NEWS / VIDEO\nSpaceX launches Fram2 mission over Earth’s poles",
    "TERMS OF SERVICE (UPDATED JULY 7, 2023)",
    "This Cookie Notice (“Notice”) explains how NBCUniversal and its affiliates (“NBCUniversal” or “we”), along with our partners, including advertisers and vendors, use cookies and similar tracking technologies when you use our websites, applications, such as games, interactive TV, voice-activated assistants, and other services that link to this policy, as well as connected devices, including those used in our theme parks (“Services”). This Notice provides more information about these technologies, your choices, and is part of the NBCUniversal Privacy Policy available here. You should read the Privacy Policy and this Notice for a full picture of NBCUniversal’s use of your information. ",
    " WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW ARE THEY USED?",
    "Like many companies, we use cookies (small text files placed on your computer or device) and other tracking technologies on the Services (referred to together from this point forward as “Cookies”, unless otherwise stated), including HTTP cookies, HTML5 and Flash local storage/flash cookies, web beacons/GIFs, embedded scripts, ETags/cache browsers, and software development kits. ",
    "First-party Cookies are placed by us (including through the use of third-party service providers) and are used to allow you to use the Services and their features and to assist in analytics activities.",
    "Certain third parties may place their Cookies on your device and use them to recognize your device when you visit the Services and when you visit other websites or online services. These third parties collect and use this information pursuant to their own privacy policies. Third-party Cookies enable certain features or functionalities, and advertising, to be provided on the Services. ",
    "The Services use the following types of first and third-party Cookies for these purposes:",
    " Strictly Necessary Cookies: These Cookies are required for Service functionality, including for system administration, security and fraud prevention, and to enable any purchasing capabilities. You can set your browser to block these Cookies, but some parts of the site may not function properly.",
    " Information Storage and Access: These Cookies allow us and our partners to store and access information on the device, such as device identifiers.   ",
    " Measurement and Analytics: These Cookies collect data regarding your usage of and performance of the Services, apply market research to generate audiences, and measure the delivery and effectiveness of content and advertising. We and our third-party vendors use these Cookies to perform analytics, so we can improve the content and user experience, develop new products and services, and for statistical purposes. They are also used to recognize you and provide further insights across platforms and devices for the above purposes.",
    " Personalization Cookies: These Cookies enable us to provide certain features, such as determining if you are a first-time visitor, capping message frequency, remembering choices you have made (e.g., your language preferences, time zone), and assist you with logging in after registration (including across platforms and devices).  These Cookies also allow your device to receive and send information, so you can see and interact with ads and content.",
    "  Content Selection and Delivery Cookies: Data collected under this category can also be used to select and deliver personalized content, such as news articles and videos.",
    "  Ad Selection and Delivery Cookies: These Cookies are used to collect data about your browsing habits, your use of the Services, your preferences, and your interaction with advertisements across platforms and devices for the purpose of delivering interest-based advertising content on the Services and on third-party sites. Third-party sites and services also use interest-based Advertising Cookies to deliver content, including advertisements relevant to your interests on the Services and third-party services. If you reject these Cookies, you may see contextual advertising that may be less relevant to you.",
    " Social Media Cookies: These Cookies are set by social media platforms on the Services to enable you to share content with your friends and networks. Social media platforms have the ability to track your online activity outside of the Services. This may impact the content and messages you see on other services you visit.",
    "We and third parties may associate Measurement And Analytics Cookies, Personalization Cookies, Content Selection, Delivery Cookies, and Reporting, Ad Selection, Delivery and Reporting Cookies, and Social Media Cookies with other information we have about you.",
    "Depending on where you live, you may be able to adjust your Cookie preferences at any time via the “Cookie Settings” link in the footer of relevant websites. You can also use the methods described below to manage Cookies. You must take such steps on each browser or device that you use. If you replace, change or upgrade your browser or device, or delete your cookies, you may need to use these opt-out tools again. As some Cookie-management solutions also rely on Cookies, please adjust your browser Cookie settings carefully, following the relevant instructions below. ",
    "Browser Controls: You may be able to disable and manage some Cookies through your browser settings. If you use multiple browsers on the same device, you will need to manage your settings for each browser. Please click on any of the below browser links for instructions: ",
    " Google Chrome  \n Apple Safari  \n Mozila Firefox \n Microsoft Internet Explorer ",
    "If the browser you use is not listed above, please refer to your browser’s help menu for information on how to manage Cookies. Please be aware that disabling cookies will not disable other analytics tools we may use to collect information about you or your use of our Services. ",
    " Analytics Provider Opt-Outs: To disable analytics Cookies you can use the browser controls discussed above or, for some of our providers, you can use their individual opt-out mechanisms: ",
    " Google’s Privacy Policy  and  Google Analytics Opt-Out \n Omniture’s Privacy Policy  and  Omniture’s Opt-Out \n Mixpanel’s Privacy Policy  and  Mixpanel’s Opt-Out ",
    "The above are examples of our analytics providers and this is not an exhaustive list. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of any other providers’ opt-out mechanisms. ",
    " Flash Local Storage: These cookies are also known as local shared objects and may be used to store your preferences or display content by us, advertisers and other third-parties. Flash cookies need to be deleted in the storage section of your Flash Player Settings Manager. ",
    " Interest-Based Advertising: Most third-party advertisers offer a way to opt out of their interest-based advertising. For more information or to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from participating third-party advertisers, depending on your country of residence, please visit: ",
    " Digital Advertising Alliance in the US \n Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada \n European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance \n Australian Digital Advertising Alliance  ",
    "Digital Advertising Alliance in the US ",
    "You can also opt out of some of the advertising providers we use by visiting their opt-out pages: ",
    " Google’s Privacy Policy and  Google Analytics Opt-Out Page\n Facebook Privacy Policy and  Facebook’s Opt-Out Page \n Twitter Privacy Policy and  Twitter’s Opt-Out Page\n Liveramp’s Privacy Policy and  Liveramp Opt-Out Page",
    "These are examples of our advertising providers and this is not an exhaustive list. In addition, we are not responsible for the effectiveness of any of these providers’ opt-out mechanisms.  ",
    "After you opt out, you will still see advertisements, but they may not be as relevant to you.  ",
    " Mobile Settings: You may manage the collection of information for interest-based advertising purposes in mobile apps via the device’s settings, including managing the collection of location data. To opt out of mobile ad tracking from Nielsen or other third parties, you can do so by selecting the “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices) or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” (for Android devices) options in your device settings. ",
    " Connected Devices: For connected devices, such as smart TVs or streaming devices, you should review the device’s settings and select the option that allows you to disable automatic content recognition or ad tracking.  Typically, to opt out, such devices require you to select options like “limit ad tracking” or to disable options such as “interest-based advertising,” “interactive TV,” or “smart interactivity”.  These settings vary by device type.  ",
    " Cross-Device Tracking: If you would like to opt out of our browser-based cross-device tracking for advertising purposes, you may do so by using the various methods described above.  You must opt out separately on each device and each browser that you use. For more information about cross-device matching, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. If you opt out of cross-device tracking for advertising purposes, we may still conduct cross-device tracking for other purposes, such as analytics.  ",
    "Consequences of Deactivation of Cookies: If you disable or remove Cookies, some parts of the Services may not function properly. Information may still be collected and used for other purposes, such as research, online services analytics or internal operations, and to remember your opt-out preferences. ",
    "For inquiries about this Cookies Notice, please contact us at Privacy@nbcuni.com or Chief Privacy Officer, NBCUniversal Legal Department, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, US. ",
    "For inquiries from users who reside in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, please contact us at Privacy@nbcuni.com  or Privacy, Legal Department, Central Saint Giles, St Giles High Street, London, WC2H 8NU, UK ",
    "This Notice may be revised occasionally and in accordance with legal requirements. Please revisit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our and our analytic and advertising partners’ use of Cookies.",
    "These Cookies are required for Service functionality, including security and fraud prevention, and to enable any purchasing capabilities. You can set your browser to block these Cookies, but some parts of the site may not function properly."
]