[
    "Find the Credit Card for You",
    "Find the Credit Card for You",
    "Best Credit Cards to Build Credit",
    "Best Credit Cards to Build Credit",
    "Find the Best Personal Loan for You",
    "Find the Best Personal Loan for You",
    "Best Loans to Refinance Credit Card Debt",
    "Best Loans to Refinance Credit Card Debt",
    "Best Personal Loans to Apply Online",
    "Best Personal Loans to Apply Online",
    "Find the Savings Account for You",
    "Find the Savings Account for You",
    "Best Mortgages for Small Down Payment",
    "Best Mortgages for Small Down Payment",
    "Best Mortgages for No Down Payment",
    "Best Mortgages for No Down Payment",
    "Best Mortgages with No Origination Fee",
    "Best Mortgages with No Origination Fee",
    "Best Mortgages for Average Credit Score",
    "Best Mortgages for Average Credit Score",
    "How to Boost Your Credit Score",
    "How to Boost Your Credit Score",
    "Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL) Apps",
    "Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL) Apps",
    "Best Credit Cards for Small Business",
    "Best Credit Cards for Small Business",
    "Best Tax Software for Small Business",
    "Best Tax Software for Small Business",
    "Best Tax Software for Small Businesses",
    "Best Tax Software for Small Businesses",
    "All Help for Low Credit Scores",
    "All Help for Low Credit Scores",
    "Best Credit Cards for Bad Credit",
    "Best Credit Cards for Bad Credit",
    "Best Personal Loans for Bad Credit",
    "Best Personal Loans for Bad Credit",
    "Best Debt Consolidation Loans for Bad Credit",
    "Best Debt Consolidation Loans for Bad Credit",
    "Personal Loans if You Don’t Have Credit",
    "Personal Loans if You Don’t Have Credit",
    "Best Credit Cards for Building Credit",
    "Best Credit Cards for Building Credit",
    "Personal Loans for 580 Credit Score or Lower",
    "Personal Loans for 580 Credit Score or Lower",
    "Personal Loans for 670 Credit Score or Lower",
    "Personal Loans for 670 Credit Score or Lower",
    "How to Boost Your Credit Score",
    "How to Boost Your Credit Score",
    "The ‘Dirty 15’ percent: Some countries will take a harder hit from Trump’s tariffs",
    "President Donald Trump is about to announce his biggest batch of tariffs yet. And while major details about them are shrouded in mystery, one thing is clear: Some trade partners are about to feel a lot more pain than others.",
    "Trump is set on Wednesday to unveil “reciprocal tariffs” against other countries that have their own duties on U.S. goods, or other policies that the White House considers unfair trade barriers. He has hyped up the kickoff date as America’s “liberation day” and “the big one.”",
    "The plan has created significant uncertainty, and many of its core components — including the number of countries affected, how each country’s tariff rate is being calculated, and which nations will be hardest hit — remain unclear.",
    "While Trump has touted the new tariffs as the key to resetting America’s economic relationship with the rest of the world, some in his administration have suggested a narrower focus on a handful of prime targets.",
    "Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent, in a Fox Business interview on March 18, singled out what he called the “Dirty 15.”",
    "He was referring to the 15% of nations that account for the bulk of U.S. trading volume while imposing hefty tariffs and other “non-tariff barriers” on U.S. goods.",
    "Bessent did not name those countries.",
    "Kevin Hassett, director of Trump’s National Economic Council, said in a subsequent interview on the network that the administration is looking at 10 to 15 countries that account for America’s “entire trillion-dollar trade deficit.”",
    "Hassett also did not name those countries. Data from the Commerce Department shows that in 2024, the U.S. had the highest goods trading deficit with China, followed by the European Union, Mexico, Vietnam, Ireland, Germany, Taiwan, Japan, South Korea, Canada, India, Thailand, Italy, Switzerland, Malaysia, Indonesia, France, Austria and Sweden.",
    "The Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, in a notice seeking public comment as part of a review of unfair trade practices to be delivered to Trump by Monday, listed 21 countries in which it is “particularly interested.”",
    "Trump pardons Nikola founder Trevor Milton in securities fraud case",
    "Putin says it’d be a ‘profound mistake’ to dismiss Trump’s push for Greenland",
    "Man charged in Molotov cocktail attack on Teslas in Las Vegas",
    "Trump withdraws nomination of Rep. Elise Stefanik for U.N. ambassador",
    "Trump’s new auto tariffs will likely drive up car prices by thousands of dollars",
    "Trump announces 25% tariffs on all cars ’not made in the United States",
    "Those include many of the countries in the Group of 20, as well as other “economies that have the largest trade deficits in goods with the United States,” according to the notice.",
    "They are: Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, the European Union, India, Indonesia, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, the United Kingdom and Vietnam.",
    "The White House did not respond to CNBC’s request for clarification on the forthcoming tariffs or the “Dirty 15.”",
    "Trump muddied the waters further Sunday when he rejected the idea that just 10 or 15 countries would face reciprocal duties on Wednesday.",
    "“You’d start with all countries,” Trump told reporters on Air Force One, adding that there is “not a cut off.”",
    "Trump has pointed to America’s trade deficits in arguing that virtually all trading partners are “taking advantage” of the U.S.",
    "Many economists say that the U.S. importing more from many countries than it exports is not inherently a bad thing, but rather reflects strong domestic demand for goods that may be sourced more cheaply elsewhere.",
    "The forthcoming import duties will follow a flurry of others that Trump has already announced, including blanket tariffs on China, steep tariffs on Canadian and Mexican goods that do not comply with an existing trilateral trade deal, steel and aluminum tariffs and, most recently, tariffs on foreign cars and imports of key parts.",
    "He has also said that more tariffs on specific industries, including pharmaceuticals, are on the way.",
    "50-year-old’s side hustle brings in $1.4 million a year: It’s easy ‘for a beginner like me’ to start",
    "43-year-old American who never plans to return to the U.S. shares her best advice for moving abroad",
    "I’ve studied over 200 kids—parents who have strong relationships with their kids later on do 7 things",
    "Elon Musk says backlash against his DOGE government cuts is hurting Tesla stock",
    "빠진이가 많다면? \"전체 임플란트\" 비용이 궁금하다면?\n강남애프터치과의원\n더 알아보기",
    "32살, 연봉 5천만원이면 듀오 가입비 얼마?\n듀오\n지금 보기",
    "Cramer: I hate free trade and it's been an embarrassment to our country",
    "China kicks off military drills near Taiwan, warns island's 'independence' means war",
    "Jim Cramer: 'I hate free trade.' It has wrecked small towns across America",
    "Canadians pull back on U.S. trips, threatening to widen United States' $50 billion travel deficit",
    "Why the U.S. doesn't have enough air traffic controllers",
    "'Used car market about to go berserk': Car Dealership Guy CEO reacts to auto tariffs",
    "잦은 무릎통증 \"수술없이 단 1회 주사\" 치료 가능하다\n무릎치료 30년 - 장덕한방병원 서초본원(서울,강남):Sponsored",
    "잦은 무릎통증, 수술없이 \"단 1회 주사\" 치료 가능하다?\n무릎치료 30년 - 장덕한방병원 서초본원(서울,강남):Sponsored",
    "Google Brain Co-Founder Andrew Ng, Recommends: Read These 5 Books And Turn Your Life Around\nBlinkist: Andrew Ng’s Reading List:Sponsored",
    "Putin says it'd be a 'profound mistake' to dismiss Trump's push for Greenland\nSam Meredith,Sophie Kiderlin",
    "U.S. warns European companies to comply with anti-DEI order\nTanaya Macheel",
    "Battle over Greenland heats up with Denmark's PM set to visit days after Vance\nHolly Ellyatt18",
    "Man charged in Molotov cocktail attack on Teslas in Las Vegas\nDan Mangan",
    "Trump withdraws nomination of Rep. Elise Stefanik for U.N. ambassador\nDan Mangan",
    "Co-Founder of Google Brain, Andrew Ng, Recommends: 5 Books For Turning Your Life Around\nAndrew Ng, computer scientist and technology entrepreneur focusing on artificial intelligence, shares the five books he thinks will change your life.\nSponsored\n:\nBlinkist: Andrew Ng’s Reading List",
    "단 3%만이 레벨 8을 통과할 수 있습니다. 과연 해적을 물리칠 수 있을까요?\n500개 이상의 화려한 퍼즐 레벨을 잠금 해제하세요! 섬에 숨겨진 보물을 찾아보세요. 지금 클릭하고 모험을 시작하세요!\nSponsored\n:\nStormshot\n플레이하기",
    "25세 미만의 로봇 매니아는 이 게임을 플레이하지 않는 것이 좋습니다.\nSponsored\n:\n기계 경기장\n게임 플레이",
    "이 로봇 전투는 쉽고 무료로 플레이할 수 있지만 잊기 어렵습니다.\nSponsored\n:\n기계 경기장",
    "타이어교체 사지말고 월5천원에 넥센타이어로 렌탈 관리 받자!\n넥센타이어공식렌탈-비용절감,차종,인치,규격 상관없이 이벤트가격!\nSponsored\n:\n넥센타이어공식렌탈\n더 알아보기",
    "아직도 타이어 구매? 월 5,000원에 전부 교체\n제휴카드 이용하면 월 5,000원에 타이어 4짝 전부 교체해드리고, 추가로 30만원 상당 특급혜택까지 드려요\nSponsored\n:\n넥센타이어 렌탈\n지금 신청하기",
    "타이어 교체하실때? 사지말고 월 5천원 으로 넥센타이어로 교체하세요!\n규격 ,인치 상관없이 모두 동일가격! 넥센타이어 특별이벤트\nSponsored\n:\n넥센타이어공식렌탈\n더 알아보기",
    "The military smartwatch everyone over 40 is talking about\nSponsored\n:\nIndestructible Smartwatch",
    "최고급 타이어 4짝교체 월 5,000원 [지금 신청]\n제휴카드 이용하면 월 5,000원에 타이어 4짝 전부 교체해드리고, 추가로 30만원 상당 특급혜택까지 드려요\nSponsored\n:\n넥센타이어 렌탈\n지금 신청하기",
    "\"그랜저 신차 장기렌트 고민했는데, 진작 할걸 그랬어요\"\n고급 소재를 사용한 프리미엄 인테리어와 세련된 감각을 자랑하는 그랜저, 요즘 들어 많은 분들이 찾으시는 만큼 만족감을 드리기 위해 오늘 최대 특가로 가져왔습니다.\nSponsored\n:\n렌트런\n더 알아보기",
    "China’s Xi calls on top executives to help 'uphold global order' as trade tensions with U.S. rise\nEvelyn Cheng",
    "Wall Street analysts say Elon Musk is the clear auto tariff winner: 'Tesla wins, Detroit bleeds'\nAlex Harring",
    "Trump says tariffs coming in April will 'probably be more lenient than reciprocal'\nSarah Min",
    "China invites U.S. business leaders to Beijing as it tries to decipher Trump's trade plans\nEunice Yoon,Evelyn Cheng",
    "Hillary Clinton blasts Trump, officials over Signal text mess: 'Stupidity'\nDan Mangan",
    "Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you.",
    "Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox",
    "Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.",
    "© 2025 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. \nA Division of NBCUniversal",
    "Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis.",
    "Market Data Terms of Use and Disclaimers",
    "This Cookie Notice (“Notice”) explains how NBCUniversal and its affiliates (“NBCUniversal” or “we”), along with our partners, including advertisers and vendors, use cookies and similar tracking technologies when you use our websites, applications, such as games, interactive TV, voice-activated assistants, and other services that link to this policy, as well as connected devices, including those used in our theme parks (“Services”). This Notice provides more information about these technologies, your choices, and is part of the NBCUniversal Privacy Policy available here. You should read the Privacy Policy and this Notice for a full picture of NBCUniversal’s use of your information. ",
    " WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW ARE THEY USED?",
    "Like many companies, we use cookies (small text files placed on your computer or device) and other tracking technologies on the Services (referred to together from this point forward as “Cookies”, unless otherwise stated), including HTTP cookies, HTML5 and Flash local storage/flash cookies, web beacons/GIFs, embedded scripts, ETags/cache browsers, and software development kits. ",
    "First-party Cookies are placed by us (including through the use of third-party service providers) and are used to allow you to use the Services and their features and to assist in analytics activities.",
    "Certain third parties may place their Cookies on your device and use them to recognize your device when you visit the Services and when you visit other websites or online services. These third parties collect and use this information pursuant to their own privacy policies. Third-party Cookies enable certain features or functionalities, and advertising, to be provided on the Services. ",
    "The Services use the following types of first and third-party Cookies for these purposes:",
    " Strictly Necessary Cookies: These Cookies are required for Service functionality, including for system administration, security and fraud prevention, and to enable any purchasing capabilities. You can set your browser to block these Cookies, but some parts of the site may not function properly.",
    " Information Storage and Access: These Cookies allow us and our partners to store and access information on the device, such as device identifiers.   ",
    " Measurement and Analytics: These Cookies collect data regarding your usage of and performance of the Services, apply market research to generate audiences, and measure the delivery and effectiveness of content and advertising. We and our third-party vendors use these Cookies to perform analytics, so we can improve the content and user experience, develop new products and services, and for statistical purposes. They are also used to recognize you and provide further insights across platforms and devices for the above purposes.",
    " Personalization Cookies: These Cookies enable us to provide certain features, such as determining if you are a first-time visitor, capping message frequency, remembering choices you have made (e.g., your language preferences, time zone), and assist you with logging in after registration (including across platforms and devices).  These Cookies also allow your device to receive and send information, so you can see and interact with ads and content.",
    "  Content Selection and Delivery Cookies: Data collected under this category can also be used to select and deliver personalized content, such as news articles and videos.",
    "  Ad Selection and Delivery Cookies: These Cookies are used to collect data about your browsing habits, your use of the Services, your preferences, and your interaction with advertisements across platforms and devices for the purpose of delivering interest-based advertising content on the Services and on third-party sites. Third-party sites and services also use interest-based Advertising Cookies to deliver content, including advertisements relevant to your interests on the Services and third-party services. If you reject these Cookies, you may see contextual advertising that may be less relevant to you.",
    " Social Media Cookies: These Cookies are set by social media platforms on the Services to enable you to share content with your friends and networks. Social media platforms have the ability to track your online activity outside of the Services. This may impact the content and messages you see on other services you visit.",
    "We and third parties may associate Measurement And Analytics Cookies, Personalization Cookies, Content Selection, Delivery Cookies, and Reporting, Ad Selection, Delivery and Reporting Cookies, and Social Media Cookies with other information we have about you.",
    "Depending on where you live, you may be able to adjust your Cookie preferences at any time via the “Cookie Settings” link in the footer of relevant websites. You can also use the methods described below to manage Cookies. You must take such steps on each browser or device that you use. If you replace, change or upgrade your browser or device, or delete your cookies, you may need to use these opt-out tools again. As some Cookie-management solutions also rely on Cookies, please adjust your browser Cookie settings carefully, following the relevant instructions below. ",
    "Browser Controls: You may be able to disable and manage some Cookies through your browser settings. If you use multiple browsers on the same device, you will need to manage your settings for each browser. Please click on any of the below browser links for instructions: ",
    " Google Chrome  \n Apple Safari  \n Mozila Firefox \n Microsoft Internet Explorer ",
    "If the browser you use is not listed above, please refer to your browser’s help menu for information on how to manage Cookies. Please be aware that disabling cookies will not disable other analytics tools we may use to collect information about you or your use of our Services. ",
    " Analytics Provider Opt-Outs: To disable analytics Cookies you can use the browser controls discussed above or, for some of our providers, you can use their individual opt-out mechanisms: ",
    " Google’s Privacy Policy  and  Google Analytics Opt-Out \n Omniture’s Privacy Policy  and  Omniture’s Opt-Out \n Mixpanel’s Privacy Policy  and  Mixpanel’s Opt-Out ",
    "The above are examples of our analytics providers and this is not an exhaustive list. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of any other providers’ opt-out mechanisms. ",
    " Flash Local Storage: These cookies are also known as local shared objects and may be used to store your preferences or display content by us, advertisers and other third-parties. Flash cookies need to be deleted in the storage section of your Flash Player Settings Manager. ",
    " Interest-Based Advertising: Most third-party advertisers offer a way to opt out of their interest-based advertising. For more information or to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from participating third-party advertisers, depending on your country of residence, please visit: ",
    " Digital Advertising Alliance in the US \n Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada \n European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance \n Australian Digital Advertising Alliance  ",
    "Digital Advertising Alliance in the US ",
    "You can also opt out of some of the advertising providers we use by visiting their opt-out pages: ",
    " Google’s Privacy Policy and  Google Analytics Opt-Out Page\n Facebook Privacy Policy and  Facebook’s Opt-Out Page \n Twitter Privacy Policy and  Twitter’s Opt-Out Page\n Liveramp’s Privacy Policy and  Liveramp Opt-Out Page",
    "These are examples of our advertising providers and this is not an exhaustive list. In addition, we are not responsible for the effectiveness of any of these providers’ opt-out mechanisms.  ",
    "After you opt out, you will still see advertisements, but they may not be as relevant to you.  ",
    " Mobile Settings: You may manage the collection of information for interest-based advertising purposes in mobile apps via the device’s settings, including managing the collection of location data. To opt out of mobile ad tracking from Nielsen or other third parties, you can do so by selecting the “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices) or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” (for Android devices) options in your device settings. ",
    " Connected Devices: For connected devices, such as smart TVs or streaming devices, you should review the device’s settings and select the option that allows you to disable automatic content recognition or ad tracking.  Typically, to opt out, such devices require you to select options like “limit ad tracking” or to disable options such as “interest-based advertising,” “interactive TV,” or “smart interactivity”.  These settings vary by device type.  ",
    " Cross-Device Tracking: If you would like to opt out of our browser-based cross-device tracking for advertising purposes, you may do so by using the various methods described above.  You must opt out separately on each device and each browser that you use. For more information about cross-device matching, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. If you opt out of cross-device tracking for advertising purposes, we may still conduct cross-device tracking for other purposes, such as analytics.  ",
    "Consequences of Deactivation of Cookies: If you disable or remove Cookies, some parts of the Services may not function properly. Information may still be collected and used for other purposes, such as research, online services analytics or internal operations, and to remember your opt-out preferences. ",
    "For inquiries about this Cookies Notice, please contact us at Privacy@nbcuni.com or Chief Privacy Officer, NBCUniversal Legal Department, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, US. ",
    "For inquiries from users who reside in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, please contact us at Privacy@nbcuni.com  or Privacy, Legal Department, Central Saint Giles, St Giles High Street, London, WC2H 8NU, UK ",
    "This Notice may be revised occasionally and in accordance with legal requirements. Please revisit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our and our analytic and advertising partners’ use of Cookies.",
    "These Cookies are required for Service functionality, including security and fraud prevention, and to enable any purchasing capabilities. You can set your browser to block these Cookies, but some parts of the site may not function properly."
]