[
    "Now PlayingKremlin Responds to Trump's Remark, Highlights Ongoing U.S.-Russia Diplomacy",
    "Joined by Kid Rock, Trump signs order to tackle ticket scalping",
    "마른 사람은 먹으면 안된다는 \"강남\" 다이어트 한약\n다이트한의원\n더 알아보기",
    "At TOI World Desk, our dedicated team of seasoned journalists and passionate writers tirelessly sifts through the vast tapestry of global events to bring you the latest news and diverse perspectives round the clock. With an unwavering commitment to accuracy, depth, and timeliness, we strive to keep you informed about the ever-evolving world, delivering a nuanced understanding of international affairs to our readers. Join us on a journey across continents as we unravel the stories that shape our interconnected world.\nRead More",
    "잦은 무릎통증.. 수술없이 '단 1회 주사로 치료' 가능하다\n보건복지부 신 의료기술등재 - 자가골수 흡인물 치료법\n무릎치료 30년 - 장덕한방병원 서초본원(서울,강남)\n더 알아보기",
    "잦은 무릎통증.. 수술없이 '단 1회' 주사치료 가능하다\n보건복지부 신의료기술등재 - 자가골수 흡인물 치료법\n무릎치료 30년 - 장덕한방병원 서초본원(서울,강남)\n더 알아보기",
    "순수100% 솔잎으로 몸속 깨끗한 혈관,혈당 청소 하세요!\n60대 혈당케어\n더 알아보기",
    "고통스러운 혈당, 하루 한번 천연성분 먹고 간편한 혈당케어!\n건강한 혈당을 위한 선택\n60대 혈당케어\n더 알아보기",
    "뱃속 지방덩어리, \"이것\" 하자마자.. 똥배 쏙 들어가\n남재현 박사 개발, 복부 \"묵은 지방\" 녹이는 주부 다이어트\n남재현 체지방 다이어트\n더 알아보기",
    "남재현 박사, 복부비만 원인 \"내장지방\" 순식간에 녹여\n장기 사이사이 쌓인 \"지방 찌꺼기, 노폐물\"까지 콸콸!\n남재현 체지방 다이어트\n더 알아보기",
    "남재현·신현재 똥배 분해성분 \"효소\" 발견했다! 순식간에 콸콸 빠져\n중년 갱년기 비만엔 \"이것\" 내장지방 단번에 비운다\nS라인 효소\n더 알아보기",
    "술배, 똥배, 아랫배에 쌓인 \"지방 찌꺼기\" 쭉- 빼자 \"복부\" 미친듯이 빠져\n진작할걸.. 양껏 먹고 \"이것\" 똥뱃살 콸콸콸\n신현재 효소\n더 알아보기",
    "여성들이 사랑하는 팔찌 [자세히 보기]\n고급스러운 디자인과 착한 기부로 완성된 팔찌, 지금 만나보세요\n월드비전\n클릭하기",
    "10 destinations outside India that are perfect for slow travel\n\nTRAVEL",
    "10 destinations outside India that are perfect for slow travel",
    "10 birds and their unique egg colours\n\nLIFESTYLE",
    "10 birds and their unique egg colours",
    "10 ways to handle if your child is lying\n\nLIFESTYLE",
    "10 ways to handle if your child is lying",
    "Rashmika Mandanna: A style icon blending elegance, dlamour, and effortless charm\n\nENTERTAINMENT",
    "Rashmika Mandanna: A style icon blending elegance, dlamour, and effortless charm",
    "10 foods during lunch that can secretly make you gain weight\n\nLIFESTYLE",
    "10 foods during lunch that can secretly make you gain weight",
    "10 dishes made with Sattu you can’t resist\n\nLIFESTYLE",
    "10 dishes made with Sattu you can’t resist",
    "Build your summer wardrobe with these 8 stylish linen pieces\n\nLIFESTYLE",
    "Build your summer wardrobe with these 8 stylish linen pieces",
    "April Fools’ Day: 8 countries that take pranks to the extreme",
    "10 ways a few minutes of meditation in the morning can change your day",
    "Numerology Predictions Today, April 01, 2025: Read your personalized forecast for numbers 1 to 9",
    "5 benefits of doing just 20 push-ups every morning",
    "How to create Ghibli images without paying for ChatGPT plus",
    "What is Ghibli, and why did ChatGPT’s Ghibli Studio suddenly become so popular?",
    "Randeep Hooda to Rajkummar Rao: Actors who underwent drastic transformations for their roles",
    "5 ways to use Chia Seeds to increase hair growth",
    "​​8 benefits of consuming pumpkin regularly​",
    "03:13\nIran To 'BLOW UP' 50,000 US Troops At 10 Military Bases? IRGC Warns | 'You Live In Glass House'",
    "03:23\nMarine Le Pen Ban: Elon Musk, Donald Trump Jr., Nigel Farage 'THREATEN' France | 'Will Backfire'",
    "Elon Musk's 'baby mama' Ashley St Clair sells her Tesla: 'I am not the only one...'",
    "Carmelo Anthony and La La Anthony are always ready to support their son Kiyan, this time for \"The Throne\"",
    "Jayson Tatum's injury report (March 31, 2025): Is the Boston Celtics star playing tonight against the Memphis Grizzlies?",
    "Is Schedule 1 playable on PlayStation and Xbox?",
    "Taylor Swift is reportedly heartbroken and devastated over custody battle involving her godson Leo and is finding solace in Travis Kelce",
    "How to create Ghibli style images and animated videos? Check easy steps using ChatGPT and other AI models",
    "'7 states of India are landlocked': Yunus says Bangladesh 'only guardian of ocean', invites China to make 'extension'",
    "Elon Musk reveals 'mind-blowing' chart of non-citizens who were issued SSNs",
    "Tom Brady prioritizes family time with a snowy getaway while Gisele Bündchen embraces a new chapter",
    "OpenAI CEO Sam Altman calls Elon Musk's Twitter 'negative platform', and says: So I am happy we were able to ...",
    "Passports revoked, rumours swirl about treason charges against top RPP leaders in Nepal",
    "What does India look like from space? Sunita Williams answers",
    "Why Nepal doesn't need a king and won't get one anyway",
    "'Will have no choice': Iran warns it may have to acquire nukes if attacked",
    "WATCH: Rohit Sharma has intense discussion with Nita Ambani",
    "OpenAI CEO Sam Altman reshares ghibli-style images of PM Modi",
    "As RBI turns 90, six goals that will shape India's financial future",
    "Here are 7 ChatGPT alternatives you can use to create Ghibli-style images",
    "Stock market today: BSE Sensex tanks over 350 points; Nifty50 below 23,450",
    "'MS Dhoni can't bat 10 overs running full stick'",
    "IIT Delhi's Technology & AI Leadership Programme prepares future tech innovators",
    "Technology & AI Leadership Programme (TAILP)",
    "IIT Delhi’s Technology & AI Leadership Programme",
    "IIT Delhi’s Technology & AI Leadership Programme",
    "IIT Delhi Technology & AI Leadership Programme",
    "03:13\nIran To 'BLOW UP' 50,000 US Troops At 10 Military Bases? IRGC Warns | 'You Live In Glass House'",
    "03:23\nMarine Le Pen Ban: Elon Musk, Donald Trump Jr., Nigel Farage 'THREATEN' France | 'Will Backfire'",
    "Elon Musk's 'baby mama' Ashley St Clair sells her Tesla: 'I am not the only one...'",
    "Carmelo Anthony and La La Anthony are always ready to support their son Kiyan, this time for \"The Throne\"",
    "Jayson Tatum's injury report (March 31, 2025): Is the Boston Celtics star playing tonight against the Memphis Grizzlies?",
    "Is Schedule 1 playable on PlayStation and Xbox?",
    "Taylor Swift is reportedly heartbroken and devastated over custody battle involving her godson Leo and is finding solace in Travis Kelce",
    "How to create Ghibli style images and animated videos? Check easy steps using ChatGPT and other AI models",
    "'7 states of India are landlocked': Yunus says Bangladesh 'only guardian of ocean', invites China to make 'extension'",
    "Elon Musk reveals 'mind-blowing' chart of non-citizens who were issued SSNs",
    "Tom Brady prioritizes family time with a snowy getaway while Gisele Bündchen embraces a new chapter",
    "OpenAI CEO Sam Altman calls Elon Musk's Twitter 'negative platform', and says: So I am happy we were able to ...",
    "Passports revoked, rumours swirl about treason charges against top RPP leaders in Nepal",
    "What does India look like from space? Sunita Williams answers",
    "Why Nepal doesn't need a king and won't get one anyway",
    "'Will have no choice': Iran warns it may have to acquire nukes if attacked",
    "WATCH: Rohit Sharma has intense discussion with Nita Ambani",
    "OpenAI CEO Sam Altman reshares ghibli-style images of PM Modi",
    "As RBI turns 90, six goals that will shape India's financial future",
    "Here are 7 ChatGPT alternatives you can use to create Ghibli-style images",
    "Stock market today: BSE Sensex tanks over 350 points; Nifty50 below 23,450",
    "'MS Dhoni can't bat 10 overs running full stick'",
    "Los Angeles Dodgers vs Atlanta Braves",
    "Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy",
    "Veera Dheera Sooran 2 Movie Review",
    "SBI Clerk Mains Admit Card 2025",
    "Mumbai Indians vs Kolkata Knight Riders",
    "How to watch IPL in Canada",
    "How to watch IPL in USA",
    "What did Sunita Williams eat after returning to Earth from Space? Is the astronaut up and running now?",
    "Olivia Munn talks about pressures of being a mother: It's like I just landed on Mars",
    "Over 100 people fall sick after consuming adulterated buckwheat flour in Dehradun; condition stable",
    "Samantha Ruth Prabhu's Sydney vacation reignites dating rumours after a picture in her post goes viral",
    "US H-1B Visa lottery 2026: Record low entries, major reforms, and key takeaways",
    "Exclusive: Bhumi Pednekar fears losing what she’s built! Talks about her phase of self-doubt",
    "Rahul Dravid told me I'll bat at No. 3 - says Rajasthan Royals' batter Nitish Rana",
    "'Offensive': Assam CM Himanta Biswa Sarma's sharp retort to Bangladesh's Muhammad Yunus' Northeast ‘landlocked’ remark",
    "Kalyan Ram on 'Arjun S/o Vyjayanthi': Our movie will stress the bonding between mother and son",
    "WWE Raw Results & Highlights (03/31/2025): John Cena confronts Cody Rhodes, Women’s World Title, and more",
    "WATCH VIDEO: Rohit Sharma engages in chat with Nita Ambani after another batting flop",
    "Passports revoked, rumours swirl about treason charges against top RPP leaders in Nepal",
    "Anthony Davis’ comeback sparks response from Dallas Mavericks teammates amid struggles",
    "Top stocks to buy: Stock recommendations for the week starting April 1, 2025",
    "IBPS Clerk Mains result 2025 to be released today: Check important details here",
    "Meryl Streep Rumoured to Play Aslan in 'Chronicles of Narnia' Reboot: Here's How The Internet Reacted",
    "'100% tariffs from India': White House lists tariffs imposed on US products by foreign nations",
    "Lewis Hamilton wants to design Ferrari F44 supercar, but fans want something else",
    "Zelensky’s JAW-DROPPING Claims Stuns Russia, Declares Putin Is Dying Of… | WATCHUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has made a stunning prediction about Vladimir Putin’s fate. Speaking to The Sun, Zelensky declared, “Putin will die soon, and that’s a fact.” His bold claim comes as Russia continues its relentless assault on Ukraine while pretending to engage in peace talks.Times Of India",
    "Macron’s EXPLOSIVE Order: ‘European Boots In Ukraine If…’ | Putin, Trump Stunned | Zelensky | WATCHFrench President Emmanuel Macron has issued a fiery ultimatum to Russia, making it clear that Europe will not sit idle. In a high-stakes summit, he outlined a game-changing proposal that could put European forces directly in Ukraine if Moscow refuses to back down. With Putin, Trump, and world leaders watching closely, the stakes have never been higher. Watch.Times Of India",
    "Watch: Putin’s £275,000 Limousine explodes in MoscowEurope News: A limousine from Vladimir Putin's official fleet exploded and caught fire near the FSB headquarters in Moscow. The driver, passengers, or cause of theTimes Of India",
    "Lavrov's Chilling NATO Reminder For Zelensky, 'Orders' US To Do This... |  EXPLOSIVE InterviewRussian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov has claimed that Moscow is willing to strike a new deal on Black Sea. This in order to protect shipping in the region but with a caveat that the U.S. orders Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to respect the agreement. He claimed that Ukraine should forget about NATO. Watch his interview with Channel 1 following Russia-U.S. talks in Riyadh.Times Of India",
    "Trump’s Troops In Peril? NATO Chief’s ‘US Soldiers Dead’ Claim Sparks Storm, Then BacktracksFour U.S. soldiers vanished during a military exercise in Lithuania, sparking a massive search operation. Their armoured vehicle was found submerged in deep waters near the Belarus border, intensifying fears of a tragic outcome.Times Of India",
    "잦은 무릎통증.. 수술없이 '단 1회 주사로 치료' 가능하다보건복지부 신 의료기술등재 - 자가골수 흡인물 치료법무릎치료 30년 - 장덕한방병원 서초본원(서울,강남)|SponsoredSponsored더 알아보기",
    "잦은 무릎통증.. 수술없이 '단 1회' 주사치료 가능하다보건복지부 신의료기술등재 - 자가골수 흡인물 치료법무릎치료 30년 - 장덕한방병원 서초본원(서울,강남)|SponsoredSponsored더 알아보기",
    "Shocking Tragedy! Putin’s Star Reporter Anna’s Final Assignment Turns DeadlyRussian journalist Anna Prokofieva, known as Putin’s ‘sexy propagandist,’ was tragically killed after her vehicle struck a landmine near the Ukraine border. The glamorous war correspondent was reporting from the front lines when disaster struck, leaving her cameraman severely injured. With shocking photos of her stylish yet dangerous battlefield life, her death has left many questioning the risks journalists take in war zones. What really happened? Watch now for the full story.Times Of India",
    "After 35 years in the US, California couple deported: 'Treated as criminals'US News: Gladys and Nelson Gonzalez, who lived in the US for nearly four decades, were abruptly detained and deported to Colombia despite their long-term efforTimes Of India",
    "Putin’s NUCLEAR Ultimatum Throws Trump Off Guard; Russia Blocks Out Ukraine, NATO With New DemandUkraine and Russia remain locked in a tense standoff over the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant (ZNPP), the largest nuclear facility in Europe. Russia’s Foreign Ministry has firmly rejected any possibility of joint control over the plant, declaring it a non-negotiable asset of the Russian nuclear energy sector.Times Of India",
    "Iran Loads Missiles On Launchers, Puts 60,000 US Troops On Notice | ‘Ready For Attack..’Iran has reportedly placed its missiles on launchers in underground bases following Donald Trump's threat of \"unprecedented bombing.\" Tehran warned Washington against opening a \"Pandora’s box,\" as tensions over Iran's nuclear program and U.S. sanctions escalate. The crisis follows Trump's demand for a new nuclear deal or severe military action.Times Of India",
    "Houthis Rain Fire: Bombard US Warship, Strikes Ben Gurion Airport With ‘Zulfiqar’ Missile | Red SeaYemen launched a major assault, firing ballistic and hypersonic missiles at Israel and U.S. warships. The attack marks a dangerous escalation in regional tensions, with the Yemeni Armed Forces vowing to continue their blockade on Israeli navigation in the Red and Arabian Seas.Times Of India",
    "마른 사람은 먹으면 안된다는 \"강남\" 다이어트 한약첫 달 9만원에 시작할 수 있는 기회가?!다이트한의원|SponsoredSponsored더 알아보기",
    "순수100% 솔잎으로 몸속 깨끗한 혈관,혈당 청소 하세요!60대 혈당케어|SponsoredSponsored더 알아보기",
    "US’ Shocking Ukraine ‘SECRET KILLING CHAIN’ Exposed; ‘America Not Just Supplied Weapons But…’A shocking expose by The New York Times has unveiled the extent of U.S. involvement in Ukraine’s war against Russia. The report details how American intelligence and military officials have actively shaped Ukraine’s war strategy, providing not just weapons but also battlefield intelligence as part of a covert “kill chain.”Times Of India",
    "'Trump Crushed Houthis But...': White House Made A Shocking Admission On Red Sea Battle | WATCHThe White House has strongly criticised what it calls a \"coordinated effort\" to downplay former President Donald Trump’s legacy in combating terrorism and handling threats like the Houthi attacks in the Red Sea.In a fiery statement, officials accused Democrats and the media of ignoring Trump’s decisive actions against terrorist organizations while portraying the Biden administration’s response as weak and ineffective. The statement specifically slammed Biden’s handling of the ongoing Houthi aggression, arguing that his policies have emboldened the Iran-backed group and led to increased instability in the region.#whitehouse #usa #houthis #houthirebels #trump #biden #worldnewsTimes Of India"
]