[
    "5 Across the Letter Word Game",
    "5 Across the Letter Word Game",
    "\n        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.\n      ",
    "Treasury Secretary Bessent says Trump will keep insisting on fair trade for the American people",
    "Sage Steele explains why the Democratic Party 'lost' her a 'long time ago'",
    "CIA director invites Musk to the agency to discuss government efficiency",
    "Wisconsin Supreme Court candidate Susan Crawford takes aim at Elon Musk, accusing him of trying ‘to buy a seat on the Wisconsin Supreme Court’",
    "Kristi Noem shares priorities of DHS' crisis center in an exclusive tour",
    "Rep. Burgess Owens says colleges have been courting illegal immigrants for 'too long'",
    "Jesse Watters: Dems became 'super snobs' during COVID-19",
    "Dems' silence on Tesla attacks is 'acceptance,' Judge Jeanine argues",
    "Trump administration deports 17 illegal aliens to El Salvador",
    "The US is essentially involved in a 'proxy war' against Russia, says Glenn Greenwald",
    "Rooftop Revelations: High school track athlete's attack another appalling example of crumbling moral foundation",
    "NASA Astronaut Butch Wilmore takes responsibility for troubled Boeing Starliner testflight",
    "RNC chair shares strategy for Trump agenda in key state races",
    "Dagen McDowell: Protesters are trying to force Elon Musk out of his DOGE role",
    "North Dakota man charged with felony for vandalizing Tesla Cybertruck",
    "NASA astronaut Butch Wilmore discusses attending church in space",
    "New Yorkers blast DOGE budget cuts in Tesla takedown protest",
    "'People love the job this president is doing': Karoline Leavitt responds to buzz about potential Trump third term",
    "Charly Arnolt: Dems' future is 'even bleaker' than its current state",
    "Pro-Israel activist says 'terrorists thanked campus demonstrators' for protests",
    "3 American soldiers deceased after US armored vehicle pulled from Lithuanian swamp",
    "M88 Hercules armored recovery vehicle sank in a peat bog last week near Pabradė, Lithuania",
    "US armored vehicle pulled out of Lithuanian swamp",
    "Three American soldiers are declared dead Monday after a U.S. armored vehicle was pulled from a swamp near Pabradė, Lithuania. (Credit: Reuters)",
    "Three American soldiers were declared deceased on Monday after crews in Lithuania retrieved the M88 Hercules armored recovery vehicle they were traveling in, which sank in a swamp last week.",
    "The announcement came as search and recovery efforts are ongoing for a fourth soldier near Pabradė, Lithuania, according to U.S. Army Europe and Africa. ",
    "\"Three U.S. Army soldiers assigned to 1st Armored Brigade Combat Team, 3rd Infantry Division were found deceased in Lithuania today, March 31. The soldiers, whose identities are being withheld pending notification of next of kin, went missing in the early morning hours of March 25 in their M88A2 Hercules armored recovery vehicle while conducting a mission to repair and tow an immobilized tactical vehicle,\" U.S. Army Europe and Africa said in a statement.",
    "\"The M88A2 was removed from the peat bog early Monday morning, March 31, after a six-day-long effort that required tremendous resources from Lithuania, our steadfast ally, and hundreds of service members from the U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, Lithuanian Armed Forces and the Polish Armed Forces – along with other elements from the Lithuanian government and civilian agencies – to solve the engineering challenge of recovering the 63-ton-vehicle from an area surrounded by unstable ground conditions,\" it added.",
    "US ARMORED VEHICLE PULLED FROM LITHUANIAN SWAMP",
    "US ARMORED VEHICLE PULLED FROM LITHUANIAN SWAMP",
    "Rescuers are seen on Sunday, March 30, attempting to retrieve the M88 Hercules. (U.S. Army Europe and Africa)",
    "Secretary of the Army Daniel Driscoll wrote on X Monday that \"We will not rest until the fourth and final Soldier is found and brought home. ",
    "\"No words can truly capture the pain of this loss, but my deepest condolences go out to the families, friends, and fellow soldiers mourning their heroes,\" he said.",
    "\"The soldiers we have lost in this tragedy were not just soldiers – they were a part of our family. Our hearts are heavy with a sorrow that echoes across the whole Marne Division, both forward and at home,\" added Maj. Gen. Christopher Norrie, 3rd Infantry Division commanding general.",
    "The Army said \"Lithuanian armed forces provided military helicopters, fixed wing aircraft, unmanned aerial systems, and search and rescue personnel immediately to join the effort, and over the sequence of days brought in excavators, sluice and slurry pumps, other heavy construction equipment, technical experts, and several hundred tons of gravel and earth to enable the recovery.\"",
    "U.S. soldiers pray as they attend a Holy Mass for the four U.S. soldiers who went missing during exercises conducted by the United States at the Pabrade training ground, at the Cathedral Basilica in Vilnius, Lithuania, on Sunday, March 30, 2025.  (AP/Mindaugas Kulbis)",
    "Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda said Monday, \"It is with deep sadness and sorrow that I received the news of the tragic loss of three U.S. soldiers during a US-led training exercise in Lithuania.\"",
    "In a post on X, Nausėda tagged President Donald Trump and wrote, \"Lithuania mourns together with the American nation. ",
    "\"Please accept my heartfelt condolences, as well as those of the Lithuanian people, to you, the loved ones of those who lost their lives, and all the people of the United States of America,\" he continued.",
    "LITHUANIAN, POLISH TROOPS AID IN ‘SEARCH AND RECOVERY’ FOR 4 MISSING US SOLDIERS FROM FORT STEWART",
    "LITHUANIAN, POLISH TROOPS AID IN ‘SEARCH AND RECOVERY’ FOR 4 MISSING US SOLDIERS FROM FORT STEWART",
    "U.S. Army Europe and Africa released this image late Sunday showing efforts to recover the sunken vehicle near Pabradė, Lithuania. (U.S. Army Europe and Africa)",
    "Lithuanian Defense Minister Dovilė Šakalienė announced on Facebook earlier this morning that \"The armored vehicle was pulled ashore at 4:40 a.m., the towing operation is complete, Lithuanian Military Police and U.S. investigators continue their work,\" according to the Associated Press.",
    "\"The soldiers were deployed to Lithuania in support of Operation Atlantic Resolve, and were permanently stationed at Fort Stewart, Georgia,\" according to the Army.",
    "\"U.S. Navy divers assigned to Commander, Task Force 68 assisted the recovery team with finding and accessing two hoist points Sunday evening. They maneuvered through thick layers of mud, clay, and sediment with zero visibility to reach the vehicle and hook steel cables that were attached to two M88A2 Hercules,\" it added. \"Partway through the extraction the M88A2s began to lose traction, so several dozers were attached to provide additional grip. It took approximately two hours of winching to remove the M88A2 from the bog.",
    "The soldiers first disappeared early Tuesday. The next day, the M88 Hercules was discovered in a peat bog and was \"assessed to be around four meters below the water’s surface and encased in about two meters of mud,\" U.S. Army Europe and Africa also said.",
    "The U.S. Army vehicle was recovered on Monday, March 31. (U.S. Army Europe and Africa)",
    "CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP ",
    "CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP",
    "The cause of the accident remains unclear.",
    "Greg Norman is a reporter at Fox News Digital.",
    "The 2024 World Air Quality Report is Here\nIQAir.com",
    "[Photos] Her Dress At The Oscars Will Be Spoken About For Centuries\nTopbunt",
    "[Photos] 50 photos showing the dark side of cruises.\nNovelodge",
    "Woman Takes Wedding Ring To Be Cleaned After 40 Years. The Jeweler Says, “You Shouldn’t Have This”\nBeachraider",
    "[Story] Blind husband regains his sight, but doesn't tell his wife and he realizes he's been lied to for years.\nNovelodge",
    "[Photos] How baking soda will change your life\nPlaysstar",
    "Paige Spiranac talks 'sexual favors' rumors at start of golf career\nSports",
    "Fran Drescher has a ‘rotation’ of friends with benefits\nEntertainment",
    "‘Little House on the Prairie’ star issues warning about ‘predators’ lurking in Hollywood\nEntertainment",
    "Canadians claim they are canceling trips to US for remainder of Trump term\nFox News",
    "After debilitating strikes, Trump tells Houthis: Stop shooting at us and 'we will stop shooting at you'\nWorld",
    "Disney trip ends in tragedy after mother kills son, police say\nUS",
    "4 current, former Texas deputies from same sheriff's office die by suicide just weeks apart: officials",
    "Trump announces plan to chop down magnolia tree purportedly planted by Andrew Jackson: 'Must come to an end'",
    "Bride-to-be left with broken nose, teeth after brutal bachelorette attack: police",
    "Meghan Trainor credits dramatic weight loss to biohacking, says 'science is the secret'",
    "Body camera footage shows a mother with 'blood on her hands' as police arrest her for allegedly killing her young son",
    "Colorado man federally charged in Tesla firebomb attack: 'Justice is coming,' AG Pam Bondi says",
    "Satellite images reveal scope of destruction from Burma’s devastating earthquake",
    "Hulk Hogan breaks out the popcorn as ex-wife, daughter feud in nasty online battle",
    "Idaho man hits pro-Tesla demonstrator with car after he exited his truck that had Trump flags: police",
    "Sen Collins makes stance on trans athletes in women's sports clear as Maine bucks Trump's executive order",
    "Conservative backlash erupts after Trump's Graham endorsement: 'I am not with Trump at all with this one'",
    "Bruce Glover, James Bond villain, dead at 92",
    "Chappell Roan sparks outrage by slamming parenthood, claims her 'friends with kids are in hell'",
    "Hawaii doctor charged with attempted murder after trying to kill wife on popular hiking trail, police say",
    "Oklahoma bride-to-be attacked during Dallas bachelorette weekend: 'My sister, my sister'",
    "Amazon will give you $2,300 to buy your next car online",
    "Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox",
    "You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!",
    "5 Across the Letter Word Game",
    "5 Across the Letter Word Game",
    "This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper."
]