[
    "GoFundMe set up to help families of Fort Stewart soldiers killed in Lithuania",
    "On Monday, the U.S. Army announced the bodies of three of the four soldiers had been recovered.",
    "On Monday, the U.S. Army announced the bodies of three of the four soldiers had been recovered.",
    "On Monday, the U.S. Army announced the bodies of three of the four soldiers had been recovered. ",
    "Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.",
    "On Monday, the U.S. Army announced the bodies of three of the four soldiers had been recovered. ",
    "Above: Monday morning update on the search",
    "A GoFundMe has been set up to aid the families of two Fort Stewart soldiers who went missing during a training exercise in Lithuania.",
    "On Monday, the U.S. Army announced the bodies of three of the four soldiers had been recovered. Search and recovery efforts continue for the fourth soldier.",
    "Missing Fort Stewart Soldiers: 3 of 4 found dead",
    "Wife identifies husband as one of 4 Fort Stewart soldiers missing in Lithuania",
    "Secretary of Defense comments on missing Fort Stewart soldiers",
    "The names of the deceased have not been released. However, one woman has publicly identified one of the four soldiers as her husband, Sgt. Edvin Franco.",
    "The GoFundMe supports the Duenez and Franco families, both of which have a young child.",
    "Community vigil planned for Savannah LGBTQ+ volunteer shot to death at Dollar General store",
    "As of Monday afternoon, the GoFundMe had raised more than $11,000 towards its $20,000 goal.",
    "WATCH: Nurses in China protect newborns during Myanmar earthquake",
    "Are these scented bowling balls even real?",
    "Major retailer's multi-day spring sale ends soon. Here's what you need to know",
    "Wedding photos mysteriously appeared on a Missouri lawn. It turned out they took a remarkable journey",
    "Community vigil planned for Savannah LGBTQ+ volunteer shot to death at Dollar General store",
    "Appeals court upholds block on Trump administration’s Venezuelan deportations",
    "From repairs to insurance, President Trump's auto tariffs could make owning a car more expensive",
    "Trump asks Supreme Court for OK to cut teacher-training money as part of anti-DEI push",
    "Officials: 3 of 4 missing Fort Stewart soldiers found dead in Lithuania",
    "The soldiers went missing on March 25.",
    "The soldiers went missing on March 25.",
    "The soldiers went missing on March 25.",
    "The soldiers went missing on March 25.",
    "Download the WJCL App for breaking news alerts: Apple, Google Play\n",
    "Update 3:54 p.m.: According to the U.S. Army Europe and Africa X account, search and recovery operations for the fourth soldier are continuing. U.S. Navy divers will conduct a grid search and are using ground penetrating radar and Lithuanian recovery dogs to assist.",
    "Video details challenges to finding Fort Stewart soldiers in Lithuania",
    "Three of the four missing U.S. Army 3rd Infantry Division soldiers, based out of Fort Stewart, reported missing in Lithuania, have been found deceased.",
    "One soldier is still unaccounted for. The identities of the deceased are being withheld pending notification of next of kin.",
    "GoFundMe set up to help families of Fort Stewart soldiers killed in Lithuania",
    "The following statement was released Monday morning by the U.S. Army Europe and Africa Public Affairs Office:",
    "\"Three U.S. Army Soldiers assigned to 1st Armored Brigade Combat Team, 3rd Infantry Division were found deceased in Lithuania today, March 31. The Soldiers, whose identities are being withheld pending notification of next of kin, went missing in the early morning hours of March 25 in their M88A2 Hercules armored recovery vehicle while conducting a mission to repair and tow an immobilized tactical vehicle. Search and recovery operations continue for the remaining fourth Soldier.",
    "U.S. Army units supported by Lithuanian Armed Forces and law enforcement conducted a search in the area and found the Soldiers’ vehicle submerged in a body of water in the early hours of March 26.",
    "The M88A2 was removed from the peat bog early Monday morning, March 31, after a six[1]day-long effort that required tremendous resources from Lithuania, our steadfast Ally, and hundreds of service members from the U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, Lithuanian Armed Forces and the Polish Armed Forces—along with other elements from the Lithuanian government and civilian agencies—to solve the engineering challenge of recovering the 63-ton-vehicle from an area surrounded by unstable ground conditions.",
    "What is the M88A2 Hercules, the U.S. military vehicle at the center of Lithuania recovery mission?",
    "“The Soldiers we have lost in this tragedy were not just Soldiers - they were a part of our family. Our hearts are heavy with a sorrow that echoes across the whole Marne Division, both forward and at home,” said Maj. Gen. Christopher Norrie, 3rd Inf. Div. commanding general. “We stand in grief with the families and loved ones of these extraordinary ‘Dogface Soldiers’ during this unimaginable time. But the search isn’t finished until everyone is home.",
    "Words cannot express our gratitude to those still working around the clock during these extensive search and recovery efforts and your unwavering commitment not to rest until all are found.”",
    "Lithuanian armed forces provided military helicopters, fixed wing aircraft, unmanned aerial systems, and search and rescue personnel immediately to join the effort, and over the sequence of days brought in excavators, sluice and slurry pumps, other heavy construction equipment, technical experts, and several hundred tons of gravel and earth to enable the recovery.",
    "“Today is a very sad and tragic day. The loss of these Soldiers weighs heavy on me, the hearts of all Task Force Iron service members, and the 3rd Infantry Division. Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and loved ones of these brave Soldiers,” said Maj. Gen. Curtis Taylor, commander of Task Force Iron and the 1st Armored Division. “I'd like to personally commend the heroic efforts of the search parties, and especially our Lithuanian allies who were instrumental in the recovery efforts. Their courage and commitment to this operation will always be remembered and demonstrates the strong relationship between our countries. However, search and recovery efforts are not complete - they will continue until we bring all of our Soldiers home.”",
    "U.S. Navy divers assigned to Commander, Task Force 68 assisted the recovery team with finding and accessing two hoist points Sunday evening. They maneuvered through thick layers of mud, clay, and sediment with zero visibility to reach the vehicle and hook steel cables that were attached to two M88A2 Hercules. Partway through the extraction the M88A2s began to lose traction, so several dozers were attached to provide additional grip. It took approximately two hours of winching to remove the M88A2 from the bog.",
    "The dive team has since transitioned to gridding out the area to enable a systematic search and the team is using a ground penetrating radar provided by Lithuanian experts to assist in the ongoing recovery operations. U.S. Ambassador to Lithuania Kara C. McDonald joined U.S. Army Europe and Africa Commander Gen. Christopher Donahue to observe ongoing recovery efforts today near Pabradė.",
    "The Soldiers were deployed to Lithuania in support of Operation Atlantic Resolve, and were permanently stationed at Fort Stewart, Georgia.",
    "\"The Raider family is heartbroken over the tragic loss of our Soldiers. We are ensuring we provide the needed support to their families and our Soldiers as we go through this grieving process. We are an incredibly tight-knit family, and their absence is keenly felt, and we will hold them close in our memories. I want to extend my personal thanks to everyone who assisted in the search and recovery efforts,” said Col. James Armstrong, 1st Armored Brigade Commander. “The Raider Brigade is incredibly appreciative of all the support we received from our Lithuanian and Polish Allies, and our brothers and sisters of the Army,",
    "Navy, and Air Force who contributed to helping us recover our Soldiers. We will never forget the dedication, commitment and teamwork that enabled us to recover our Soldiers and provide closure for their families. We are truly stronger together.\"",
    "In addition to the support provided at the site, the Archbishop Metropolitan of Vilnius, Gintaras Grušas, led a mass at the Cathedral Basilica of St. Stanislaus and St. Ladislaus of Vilnius, March 30, to pray for the four Soldiers, their families, and those conducting recovery operations. The service was attended by American and German soldiers deployed to Lithuania, Lithuanian soldiers, senior Lithuanian and American officials, and U.S. and NATO military leaders. Lithuanian Minister of National Defence Minister Dovilė Šakalienė, Lithuanian Armed Forces Commander General Raimundas Vaikšnoras, and Ambassador McDonald also attended.",
    "Crowd gathers at Lithuanian cathedral to pray for missing Fort Stewart soldiers",
    "Commander, U.S. European Command and Supreme Allied Commander Europe, Gen. Christopher Cavoli, also attended the service in the Lithuanian capital and later visited the recovery site. “Our sense of partnership drives us forward, and you take care of our Soldiers as if they were your own,” Cavoli told reporters before the mass. NATO also sent assets to assist with recovery efforts.",
    "The U.S. Army and Lithuanian authorities are investigating the cause of the accident.",
    "Updates will be provided as more information becomes available.\"",
    "This is a developing story. Check back for updates.",
    "Below video: Secretary of Defense comments on missing soldiers\n",
    "'Nothing Fancy, Just Tough'; Soldiers at Fort Stewart are constantly training to face the next challenge",
    "Wife identifies husband as one of 4 Fort Stewart soldiers missing in Lithuania",
    "Secretary of Defense comments on missing Fort Stewart soldiers",
    "Below video: Search for missing Fort Stewart soldiers in Lithuania",
    "WATCH: Nurses in China protect newborns during Myanmar earthquake",
    "Are these scented bowling balls even real?",
    "Major retailer's multi-day spring sale ends soon. Here's what you need to know",
    "Wedding photos mysteriously appeared on a Missouri lawn. It turned out they took a remarkable journey",
    "Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.",
    "Your Privacy Choices/(Opt-Out of Sale/Targeted Ads)"
]