[
    "The Guardian - Back to home\nThe Guardian",
    "Trump administration deports more alleged gang members to El Salvador",
    "Move is latest in controversial method of deporting people from Guantánamo to prison abroad without US due process",
    "The 17 additional people the US shipped off to a prison in El Salvador on Sunday and accused of being tied to transnational gangs were sent there from immigration detention at Guantánamo Bay, a White House official confirmed to the Guardian on Monday afternoon.",
    "The secretary of state, Marco Rubio, announced the overnight military transfer, asserting that the group included “murderers and rapists” from the Tren de Aragua and MS-13 gangs, which the Trump administration has recently labeled foreign terrorists.",
    "The 17 now-deported individuals were Salvadoran and Venezuelan nationals. Fox News was first to report the names and crimes allegedly committed that the White House has since confirmed.",
    "Revealed: US firm running Guantánamo migrant jail accused over rights abuses\nRead more",
    "El Salvador’s president, Nayib Bukele, posted on social media that the deportees were “confirmed murderers and high-profile offenders, including six child rapists”.",
    "Immigration officials announced in mid-March they had removed all migrants being held at Guantánamo Bay and returned them to the US, just weeks after sending the first batch to the US military base in Cuba. Donald Trump had pledged to carry out the largest deportation operation in US history, and controversially, Guantánamo was considered to be a staging ground for the actions, with options to expand the facilities used for immigration-related detention.",
    "Approximately 300 migrants, mostly Venezuelans, were recently deported to El Salvador’s notorious Terrorism Confinement Center (Cecot), a mega-prison notorious for brutal conditions.",
    "‘Detention Alley’: inside the Ice centres in the US south where foreign students and undocumented migrants languish\nRead more",
    "Family members have repeatedly denied gang affiliations, while the administration has refused to provide evidence, invoking “state secrets” privilege.",
    "Questions about the accuracy of these gang allegations have intensified as more information has emerged about some of them, such a 23-year-old gay makeup artist with no apparent gang affiliations who was deported to the Cecot prison without a hearing. His attorney, Lindsay Toczylowski, said officials had previously misinterpreted his tattoos as gang symbols, and that his client was scheduled to appear at an immigration court appearance in the US before he was suddenly sent to El Salvador.",
    "The deportations come amid legal challenges to Trump’s use of the 18th-century Alien Enemies Act, which a federal appeals court has blocked. A federal judge has ordered “individualized hearings“ for those targeted for removal.",
    "Intelligence agencies reportedly contradict Trump’s claims linking the Tren de Aragua gang to the Venezuelan government, undermining a key justification for the deportations, according to the New York Times.",
    "according to the New York Times",
    "Still, the Trump administration has vowed to continue the deportation strategy through other means, and is currently petitioning the supreme court to lift the block on its use of the wartime deportation powers.",
    "There is a lot at stake",
    "The world’s most powerful man is using his office to punish journalistic organisations that won’t follow his orders or who report critically on his policies. Donald Trump’s actions against the press include bans, lawsuits and hand-picking his own pool of reporters. ",
    "But the global threat against the press is bigger than just Trump.",
    "Economic and authoritarian forces around the globe are challenging journalists’ ability to report. An independent press, one that those in power can’t simply overrule, is crucial to democracy. Figures such as Trump and Hungary’s Viktor Orbán want to crush it through exclusion and influence. ",
    "The Guardian is a global news organisation that will stand up to attacks on the free press. We have no interest serving those with immense power or immense wealth.  ",
    "We are owned by an independent trust devoted only to protecting and defending our journalism. That means we don’t have a billionaire owner dictating what our reporters can cover or what opinions our columnists can have, or shareholders demanding a quick return.",
    "The global situation is shifting hour by hour, making this an extremely challenging moment. It will take brave, well-funded, committed, quality journalism to call out what is happening. ",
    "Our job is to make sure we do not get overwhelmed as Trump floods the zone. We must focus on the stories that will make the biggest impact on people’s lives, while holding the powerful to account. We’ll also continue to focus on the ideas people need to create a better world: a reason for hope. ",
    "As the writer and Guardian columnist Rebecca Solnit says: “authentic hope requires clarity … and imagination”.",
    "The Guardian can provide both and, with the help of readers like you in Korea, we can drive hope by reporting truthfully on what is happening and never pulling our punches.",
    "If you can, please support us on a monthly basis. It takes less than a minute to set up, and you can rest assured that you're making a big impact every month in support of open, independent journalism. Thank you.",
    "Trump prepares to unveil reciprocal tariffs as markets brace amid trade war fears",
    "Epstein and Prince Andrew accuser says she has days to live after bus crash",
    "‘Woke’ criticism of Doctor Who proves show on right track, says its newest star",
    "‘We weren’t stuck’: Nasa astronauts tell of space odyssey and reject claims of neglect",
    "Three of four US soldiers missing in Lithuania found dead"
]