[
    "Freedom Caucus loses another member to internal divisions",
    "Rep. Anna Paulina Luna speaks to reporters in the basement of the U.S. Capitol on Dec. 20, 2024. Photo: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",
    "Rep. Anna Paulina Luna (R-Fla.) is leaving the right-wing House Freedom Caucus over its opposition to her efforts to allow House members who are new parents to vote by proxy, Axios has learned.",
    "Why it matters: Luna is the fourth member that the Freedom Caucus has lost or ejected in the last two years over growing internal divisions.",
    "Driving the news: \"With a heavy heart, I am resigning from the Freedom Caucus,\" Luna wrote in a \"dear colleague\" letter obtained by Axios.",
    "The backdrop: Luna bucked House Speaker Mike Johnson (R-La.) — who fought bitterly against COVID-era proxy voting when Democrats controlled the House — in trying to force a vote on her proposed rule change.",
    "Editor's note: This story has been updated with additional reporting.",
    "Inside the House's growing war over proxy voting",
    "Inside the House's growing war over proxy voting",
    "Rep. Anna Paulina Luna leaving the U.S. Capitol on March 11. Photo: Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images",
    "The House of Representatives erupted into infighting Tuesday over allowing members who are new parents to vote on bills by proxy for three months.",
    "Why it matters: House Speaker Mike Johnson (R-La.) and some House conservatives are mounting an 11th-hour push to stop the vote dead in its tracks.",
    "Mike Johnson fails to contain a GOP procedural revolt",
    "Mike Johnson fails to contain a GOP procedural revolt",
    "House Speaker Mike Johnson at the U.S. Capitol on March 11. Photo: Al Drago/Bloomberg via Getty Images",
    "A dozen House Republicans on Tuesday helped their Democratic colleagues bypass House Speaker Mike Johnson (R-La.) and force a vote to allow House members to vote by proxy for up to three months after having children.",
    "Why it matters: The Republican defections came despite Johnson, who helped lead a GOP lawsuit aimed at eliminating COVID-era proxy voting, calling the proposed rules change \"unconstitutional.\"",
    "Dems and GOP team up to bypass Mike Johnson again",
    "Dems and GOP team up to bypass Mike Johnson again",
    "Rep. Anna Paulina Luna holding her son in the House chamber on Jan. 3. Photo: Tom Williams/CQ-Roll Call, Inc via Getty Images",
    "House Democrats and Republicans are teaming up for a third time in a year to try to bypass House Speaker Mike Johnson (R-La.) on forcing a House vote without his sign-off.",
    "Why it matters: This issue — allowing House members who recently had children to vote by proxy — is politically thorny, with Johnson positioning himself firmly against allowing any form of proxy voting."
]