3 Fort Stewart soldiers found dead in Lithuania, search and recovery continues for 4th soldier
FORT STEWART, Ga. (WTOC) - Three of the four U.S. Soldiers who went missing in Lithuania have been found deceased.

According to the U.S. Army Europe and Africa division, search and recovery operations continue for the fourth soldier.

The identities of the soldiers are being withheld pending notification of next of kin. They were deployed in support of Operation Atlantic Resolve and were assigned to the 1st Armored Brigade Combat Team, 3rd Infantry Division.

The soldiers went missing on March 25th while conducing a mission to repair and tow a tactical vehicle.
After conducting a search of the area, the U.S. Army and Lithuanian Armed Forces found the soldiers’ M88A2 Hercules armored recovery vehicle submerged in water on March 26th.

On March 30th, the Archbishop Metropolitan of Vilnius, Gintaras Grušas, led a mass at the Cathedral Basilica of St. Stanislaus and St. Ladislaus of Vilnius in honor of the soldiers and their families.
After six days, the vehicle was removed from water on March 31st with the help of the U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, Lithuanian Armed Forces and the Polish Armed Forces.
In a release, Maj. Gen. Christopher Norrie, 3rd Inf. Div. commanding general, said:

“The Soldiers we have lost in this tragedy were not just Soldiers - they were a part of our family. Our hearts are heavy with a sorrow that echoes across the whole Marne Division, both forward and at home. We stand in grief with the families and loved ones of these extraordinary ‘Dogface Soldiers’ during this unimaginable time. But the search isn’t finished until everyone is home. Words cannot express our gratitude to those still working around the clock during these extensive search and recovery efforts and your unwavering commitment not to rest until all are found.”

Maj. Gen. Curtis Taylor, commander of Task Force Iron and the 1st Armored Division, said:

“Today is a very sad and tragic day. The loss of these Soldiers weighs heavy on me, the hearts of all Task Force Iron service members, and the 3rd Infantry Division. Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and loved ones of these brave Soldiers. I’d like to personally commend the heroic efforts of the search parties, and especially our Lithuanian allies who were instrumental in the recovery efforts. Their courage and commitment to this operation will always be remembered and demonstrates the strong relationship between our countries. However, search and recovery efforts are not complete - they will continue until we bring all of our Soldiers home.”

Col. James Armstrong, 1st Armored Brigade Commander, said:

“The Raider family is heartbroken over the tragic loss of our Soldiers. We are ensuring we provide the needed support to their families and our Soldiers as we go through this grieving process. We are an incredibly tight-knit family, and their absence is keenly felt, and we will hold them close in our memories. I want to extend my personal thanks to everyone who assisted in the search and recovery efforts. The Raider Brigade is incredibly appreciative of all the support we received from our Lithuanian and Polish Allies, and our brothers and sisters of the Army, Navy, and Air Force who contributed to helping us recover our Soldiers. We will never forget the dedication, commitment and teamwork that enabled us to recover our Soldiers and provide closure for their families. We are truly stronger together.”
The U.S. Army and Lithuanian authorities are investigating the cause of the accident.