France Reacts to Donald Trump's DEI Ultimatum
AFrench minister has spoken out after Donald Trump's administration ordered some French companies with U.S. government contracts to comply with orders banning diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) programs.

French Minister for Gender Equality Aurore Bergé indicated in an interview that companies will refuse to follow Trump's request.

Newsweek contacted the U.S. State Department by email to comment on this story.

Why It Matters
Since taking office again, Trump has been making major changes including an executive order to remove officials overseeing DEI initiatives. This includes international companies that work with and for America.
Tensions are escalating between the U.S. and other countries thanks in part to rounds of tariffs that are expected to go into effect on April 2, aimed at countries that charge the United States import duties.
What To Know
On Saturday, the Trump administration told some French companies to confirm their compliance with DEI bans in a questionnaire.

"We inform you that Executive Order 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-based Opportunities, signed by President Trump, applies to all suppliers and service providers of the U.S. Government, regardless of their nationality and the country in which they operate," reads the letter, according to a copy that French newspaper Le Figaro.
"We would be grateful if you could complete and sign the document in English within five days and return it to us by email. If you do not agree to sign this document, we would appreciate if you could provide detailed reasons, which we will forward to our legal services," the letter added.

in an interview with BFMTV Sunday, Bergé called the letter a form of "interference."

"That's to say it's an attempt to impose a diktat on our businesses," she said.
Bergé added: "It is out of the question that we will prevent our business from promoting additional social progress [and] social rights.
"Thankfully, a lot of French companies don't plan to change their policies."

What People Are Saying
Patrick Martin, the president of France's business lobby Medef, told the LCI broadcaster on Sunday: "We can't bend, we have values, rules, we have to respect them."

Deputy Prime Minister of Belgium Jan Jambon also indicated that Belgian companies would not comply with Trump's DEI initiatives. "We have a culture of nondiscrimination in Europe and we must continue that," he said Sunday evening on the French-language TV channel RTL-TVI. "We have no lessons to learn from the boss of America."

What Happens Next
The U.S. has not publicly responded to Bergé or others who have expressed their discontent about the letter.
