Milwaukee voters wait over an hour to cast ballots due to 'historic' turnout, ballot shortages
Election commission encourages voters to remain in line. Anyone in line by 8 p.m. will get the chance to vote.
MILWAUKEE — Some Milwaukee polling places are running low on ballots due to an "historic turnout" for a spring election, according to Melissa Howard of the Milwaukee Election Commission.

TMJ4 has received several calls from voters saying their polling places are low on ballots.

Watch: Voters urged to stay in line amid ballot shortages in Milwaukee:
Howard said the commission is aware of the issue and is in the process of replenishing the ballots. She also said ExpressVote machines — the machines used in early voting — are available at each location.
"We have dozens of field staff working to get resources to polling locations during rush hour," Howard said. "We apologize to Milwaukeeans but proud to see the enthusiasm and turnout."

Howard noted that voters should remain in line. As long as voters are in line by 8 p.m., they will be able to vote. No voters will be turned away.
At Thurston Woods Elementary, some voters had to wait over an hour to cast their ballot, which frustrated some.

"We already know the election is coming, we should’ve been prepared," said Angela Ford, a Thurston Woods Voter. "Do your homework, do your job, do the prediction, do the mathematics to know what is going to happen. Don’t make assumptions. We shouldn’t have to stay in line til eight o'clock, that’s not the point to stay in line til eight o'clock, I am tired, I want to be done with this."

The chief at Thurston Woods told TMJ4 they ran out of ballots at 6:34, and some people did end up leaving without voting. A total of 523 people ended up casting their ballot at Thurston Woods.

That high turnout was a welcome sign for Dennis Ribinson, another Thurston Woods voter.
“The fact that you have to wait, the fact that they ran out of ballots, that’s 100 percent all positive,” Robinson said. “This is what you want; this is what every election should be.”

Voters also waited between one and two hours to cast their ballots at Ralph Waldo Emerson School in Milwaukee after the polling location ran out of ballots.
Some voiced their frustration while inside and in line. Voters told TMJ4 that a batch of paper ballots didn't arrive until 7:45 p.m. and that an ExpressVote voting machine was brought in to help with the overwhelming turnout.

“I know at the end of the day what’s going to happen if I don’t vote, so I just chose to stay and vote today,” said Ashlyn Agnant.
Courtney Lacy and Agnant told TMJ4 that they waited an hour and a half to cast their ballots, leaving the polling site at 8:15 p.m.

"Sometimes you’ve got to wait," Lacy said. "Some people were impatient, but again, we understood the importance of this election, and we had to do what we had to do."
Voters can call 414-286-VOTE with any concerns or questions.

Watch: Milwaukee sees record-breaking early voting turnout:
