Wisconsinites vote in key election with state Supreme Court race drawing national interest
APPLETON (WLUK) -- Wisconsin's Spring Election day is here.
FOX 11's Team Coverage is taking you inside the election night watch parties for Wisconsin Supreme Court candidates Brad Schimel and Susan Crawford, and Wisconsin schools superintendent candidates Jill Underly and Brittany Kinser.
Wisconsinites will head to the polls Tuesday to vote in a state race with increased national attention.
Good Day Wisconsin spoke to Appleton's City Clerk, Kami Lynch, before the polls opened to see what voters need to know.
She says voters should bring an acceptable form of identification. If you've moved since you last voted, you should also bring proof of residency like a utility bill or bank statement with your current address on it.

You can also register before your vote.
Issues on the ballot include the race for state Supreme Court, State Superintendent of Public Instruction, and a proposed constitutional amendment requiring photo ID for voting.

Click here to see what's on your ballot
Lynch says the city of Appleton processed more than 8,000 absentee ballot requests and of those, 2,600 were in person absentee voters. She says she expects Election Day to be steady as there is strong interest in these spring races.
A power outage on Green Bay's west side briefly affected three polling locations. Power has since been restored.

Green Bay city clerk Celestine Jeffreys says she expects a busy day.

She said voting continued at the polling places where the power was out as machines ran on battery during that time.

She also said the polling place at Christ of the Bay Lutheran Church did not open until 7:22 a.m. Everyone who was in line at the time stayed until it opened to vote except two people who had to leave. One said they would return later to vote and one said they had to catch a flight and could not return to vote.

Jeffreys says the polling place would close at its usual time of 8 p.m. after the city considered asking a judge to keep it open an extra 22 minutes.

As of 6:30 p.m., the city's Central Count had counted 8,288 of 8,403 absentee ballots.


FOX 11 is also covering roughly 20 school board and school district referendum races.

The results will be available onlineafter the polls close at 8 p.m.