‘Significant downsizing’ happening at NIOSH in Morgantown: UMWA
Editor’s note: This story has been updated with statements from Sen. Shelley Moore Capito and Gov. Patrick Morrisey.

MORGANTOWN, W.Va. (WBOY) — The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) is laying off hundreds of workers, according to the United Mine Workers of America (UMWA).

Although specifics are limited, the UMWA International President Cecil Roberts said in a statement Tuesday that “NIOSH began laying off hundreds of workers who are engaged in research and the improvement of products and practices.”

The statement also said that NIOSH “announced significant downsizing of offices in Morgantown, W.Va., and Pittsburgh, Pa.” on Tuesday.

12 News has reached out to officials and representatives for more specific information on the downsizing.
West Virginia Delegate John Williams (Monongalia, 080) told 12 News that he has “seen no official statement” but that he does “believe the reports are accurate.”

Gov. Patrick Morrisey’s office released the following statement to 12 News:

As we gather more details about job losses at NIOSH in Morgantown, we will work with the federal government and stakeholders across West Virginia to ensure these employees have relevant job opportunities elsewhere in their communities. Governor Morrisey continues to prioritize attracting high-paying jobs to West Virginia and training our workforce for the high-skilled jobs needed for the future.

Gov. Patrick Morrisey’s deputy press secretary Drew Galang
Sen. Shelley Moore Capito, R-W.Va., released the following statement to 12 News:

While I believe in the broad vision set forth by the Trump administration to right size our government, I’m concerned that today’s cuts at CDC/NIOSH could impact vital health programs that are important to many West Virginians, especially our coal miners. During my meetings with Secretary Kennedy prior to his confirmation and as recently as last week, we discussed how important the health of coal workers is to West Virginia. Any cuts that impact their health monitoring need to be restored immediately. I am working with the Department of Health and Human Services to understand the depth of these cuts, both to programs and the workforce in Morgantown.

Sen. Shelley Moore Capito, R-W.Va.
Sen. Jim Justice, R-W.Va., also provided a statement on the matter.

I’ve seen the news regarding layoffs in Morgantown, and with it have seen the plan put together by Secretary Kennedy to restructure to entire Health Department. I am in favor of cuts to waste across the federal government, and I’m sure Secretary Kennedy understands how important coal miner health programs run by the department are to West Virginia.

Sen. Jim Justice, R-W.Va.
The Morgantown NIOSH facility has been operational since the organization’s inception in 1970, and grew from 20 to about 600 employees by 2014, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention website.

The Morgantown facility, as well as the Pittsburgh facility, focus on research relating to health and safety issues affecting workers and coal miners, including respiratory disease.

Roberts said in his statement that the coal industry “relies on the research done there to improve its safety practices.”

Roberts also said that the layoffs, compiled with closures in the Mine Safety and Health Administration and fees and tariffs expected to be placed on West Virginia coal that is exported to China, give the appearance that miners have “a target on their backs.”

“I do not think that these actions are being done in a coordinated way to hurt the American coal industry and those who work in it. But that is the effect. Miners have and can continue to produce the materials to power American homes, produce American steel and so many other products our society uses every day,” Roberts said in the release.